THIRD PERIOD ABOUT TO GET UNDERWAY
HERE AT THE MTS CENTRE IN A
2-1 GAME FOR THE ANAHEIM DUCKS.
NO SCORING IN PERIOD NUMBER TWO.
ANDREW COPP FINDS A LANE AND
BLOWS ONE BY JONATHAN BERNIER.
JETS HAVE THE 1-0 LEAD.
PAVELEC THE SAVE OFF OF FOWLER.
LOGAN SHAW BEST IN THE REBOUND.
THAT WAS A SHO
AND THEN GETZLAF LEADS THE
ATTACK. AND ENDS UP ON THE STICK
OF RICKARD RAKELL WHO FINDS SOME
ROOM ON THE SHORT SIDE.
AND THAT'S THE WAY WE STANDS
GOING INTO THE TH.
>> AND THIRD PERIOD
STARTS FOR THE WINNIPEG JETS
WITH A POWER PLAY.
THEY HAD LITTLE BIT OF MIX-UP AT
THE END OF PERIOD NUMBER TWO.
AND RIGHT NOW THEY HAVE KESLER'S
NUMBER ON THE BOARD
AS KESLER AND PERRY IN THE BOX
FOR THE DUCKS AND MARK SCHEIFELE
FOR THE WINNIPEG JETS.
>> YEAH, PROBABLY COREY
PERRY'S PENALTY BECAUSE THEY
WILL SAW OFF KESLER AND
SCHEIFELE THE ORIGINAL
COMBATANTS. D TN AS YOU MENTIONED IT WAS
COREY PERRY THAT CAME IN AND
GRABBED BLAKE WHEELER.
SO THE JETS --
FOURTH POWER PLAY OF THE NIGHT
FOR THE WINNIPEG JETS AS THEY.
FOWLER, AND HE'LL DIG IT FREE
CLEARED TO THE LINE.
KEPT IN, KNOCKED DOWN BY B
FOR DUSTIN BYFUGLIEN.
INTO THE SLOT.
BRYAN LITTLE THE SHOT AND CAM
FOWLER GOT IN.
DUCKS SO GOOD AT GETTING PASSING
AND SHOOTI.
GETZLAF COULDN'T HANDLE IT.
ON IT IS ADAM LOWRY
FOR BLAKE WHEELER.
WHEELER PUT IT TO THE FRONT OF
THE NET.
NO ONE COULD GET A STICK ON IT.
AFTER IT IS NICK P
FOR ADAM LOWRY
BACK FOR PETAN.
DUCKS VERY AGGRESSIVE ON THE
PENALTY KI.
WHEELER, BACK UP TOP FOR
BYFUGLIEN.
THE WRIST SHOT
BERNIER THE SAVE
REBOUND
AND CLEARED AWAY.
PETAN, BACK FOR BYFUGLIEN.
BYFUGLIEN INTO THE SLOT LOOKING
FOR LITTLE.
GETZLAF KNOCK IT AWAY.
PETAN SENDS IT DOWN LOW.
BIEKSA WITH LITTLE AFTER HIM.
LOWRY HELPS OUT.
LOWRY IS UP WITH IT
FOR WHEELE
IN FRONT
TRYING TO GO BACKSIDE.
THAT GOT TIPPED AWAY
AND IT WILL SLIP OUT TO CENTREE.
PETAN VERY QUICKLY BACK IN FOR
BLAK.
WHEELER TAKES THE BUMP
LEAVES IT FOR BYFUGLIEN.